Dad save you
You even stole your identity from others
Then I'm not giving him face, sorry to expose him.
chairperson
You are really my good sister, aren't you?
All wealth
Do not hesitate to attack Western medicine
A piece of western air waves and shoots you in a car accident
Simply unscrupulous brother
Not my big brother
Not me.
If you have anything to say, be vigilant.
Come on brother
big brother
Uncle uncle
My mom did all those bad things
It has nothing to do with me.
i
I am your only nephew's daughter
Gu Sisi, you have done a lot of bad things, right?
Gu Junxi
Chairperson Gu
I am your son-in-law
My name is Ye Haochen
I saved the coma from the emergency car accident
Ye Haochen
You had nothing
You're just looking for a free babysitter.
No Jin Hee
Don't wrong me
I really don't want to divorce you
I love you.
It's all that Song Ti sticker.
Song experience forced me
Ye Haochen, you dislike poverty and love wealth
Humiliated me more than once
Also take into account that Gu Sisi wants to destroy me
I declare that Ye Haochen is missing and easy to obtain
Unworthy of the virtues that are sought after
From now on, you will be expelled from the entertainment industry
permanently blocked